Chapter 1

Onoir multipartical excelerator (patent pending) worked. Only a tiny explosion had occurred which was pretty good for an unstable dimensional tear... prototype. It's now or never. Trigger on! Onoir leaps, diving through the portal. Pointing her destroyer back through the portal, she zaps the multipartical excelerator. It takes a second for it to stall. A couple of Rads fling themselves through using their pointy robotic legs. Onoir is able to smash them easily, since only those that arc through the center of the portal make it through "alive". 

The land near Onoir looks like ruins, chunks of concrete are lying in piles on the ground. On Onoir knew that Miden was underdeveloped but this, this was more than she imagined. The clunk of dashing, trion warrior dashing, broke the silence. Quickly ducking into some rubble, Onoir hid.

"Hmm, looks we missed the battle." The girl!? leader stops near the portal entrance.
	"Aren't these Rads? Why would they be sending more, they know we just kill them." The girl fighter!? stabs a Rad with a trion sword.
"Anko, we got five rads for the support team." The leader looks towards border base, the high cubic building with a huge insignia spelling border. "No, I didn't kill them." She rolls her eyes and motions to continue scouting.

Onoir creeps towards the rads, making sure the girl warriors are gone. If only she had more time. Sighing she picks up the least damaged rad and takes it with her. Midan's not so unlike Aftokrator, just with more land, barren land, and woman fighters. Where they low on population? She could think about it later; now she haded away from the big hulking base that shouted come here so I can eat you.


Chapter 2

If only a hood would keep out the pins. They were looking at him again. He grunted. "Go for a walk." "It will be good for you." It's not like he has this [side effect]. He glares at the offenders, great now more people are staring at him. He wants to curse this unsavory cycle of life.

An explosion breaks the air. Problably one of those mindless robots. At least he could say that he had to respond, for the people. He shot one last glare, at "the people" to make sure they didn't follow him.

...

The sound of the explosion rocketed the air, the experiment was a success. Onoir lifted her goggles to rub her sore nose, unaware of her own meniacle laughter. RadRad prototype 1 had blown open the broken door. In a way shattering it to pieces was fixing it. Only side effect, the knockback had smash RadRad into a wall. It got up, only slightly wobbly. Onoir picked up RadRad and made a victory spin. RadRad had graduated from prototype. Although, she should probably decrease the amplifiers she didn't have that much trion.

A kid scampered into the building. "Hey, the building is structurely unstable. You shouldn't..." It was to late, the building started collapsing. "Children", said the 16 year old. Activating her trion exoskeleton, she pushed up on the ceiling.

...

No robot in sight, but there was a civilian holding up a building for what every reason. It was a girl, but he didn't judge other people's life choices. 
	"You better hurry up whatever your doing, I can't hold this for ever." she called over her shoulder. Turning she saw him, no pin pricks.
	"Could you give me a lift," she said motioning to the shuddering building.
Rolling my eyes, I got in beside her and lifted.
	"I don't want to waste all of my trion." She let the building fall, slaps his back, and trotted off like she owns the place. Then a rad scampered up and joined her. 
"What?"!. 
A neighbor?! My anger turns to excitement I get to fight a neighbor, and it at least had the smarts to trick me. (Note: Suwa was always mouthing off about his fight with a black trigger user.)
The building shuddered again, "Trigger On!" he hated saying that.
"Hey, little neighbor comeback here and fight me!" The building falls on him. In a plume of dust, Kageura annihilates the building with scorpion. Where is she. Where is she. Where is she! He rushes out and the neighbor is already gone. He howls his irritation at the sky. He won't be able to use this as an excuse for not calming down.

Chapter 3

This was one solution of open doors, Onoir thoughts as she watched RadRad scuttle next to her. Every door on Aftokrator was made of trion and therefore disapated when you were in proximity, if you were the right authorization level of course. But none of that helped with the melevelint doors of Miden. There were no authorization badges, she had checked. Normies where able to open and close them no problem. She had scanned, and double scanned. Dotted her i's and crossed her t's. It would not work.

